# TOEFL-writing-essay
draft(초안)

The effect of technology advances on the future

   Currently, the movie business is developing day by day, and various genres of movies are getting released. There are many historical backgrounds from the far past to the future that we can only imagine. Some of the movies that handle the future are positive, while others are negative. In other words, the technology which is positive for us in present, may return to us negative in the future. The development of science and technology is truely essential and inevitable in our lives. However, in the long run, the negative impact is likely to be greater. So I'm going to say that the development of science and technology has a negative impact on the future based on the movie because of three following reasons.

   First of all, human dignity has declined with the development of science. One of the most widely discussed was genetically modified technologies. With the development of science, human cloning, which had long been a dream of mankind, is becoming a reality, not a dream. Human beings, who had to suffer from many diseases, can now treat all diseases by replicating humans. However, this modification and replication is extremely unethical, as it completely ignores the dignity of life. It is true that scientific development is necessary, but the basis of research should be carried out based on ethical truth. The movie "The Island" deals well with these problems. In "The Island", the protagonist realizes that he is originally a cloned human being like the insurance of the owner of the body, and he begins to escape from the isolation facility. In the movie, people are called "products,", it is a slight disregard for life. As science advances, behavior that ignores the dignity of life can become worse.

   Next, there are various problems caused by the excessive development of the environment by science and technology. As science advanced, the company began to produce a variety of products, and to produce such products naturally, factories also increased geometrically. Drainage, waste, and pollutants such as soot flowed into the environment and damaged our health and animals and plants. Radioactive nuclear power plants that we are using to obtain energy have also been built through scientific development. But due to an unexpected accident such as a nuclear explosion, it causes problems not only for animals, plants but also for humans such as cancer-like diseases and birth of deformed babies. The movie <2012> is like Noah's ark, which fights a desperate battle to survive the destruction of the earth. In the movie "2012" people are created a path to the destruction of the earth by destroying the environment and intensifying it in order to promote more research due to the development of science and technology. If science develops and damages the environment, the earth may not be able to hold out and try to kick us out.

   Finally, the recent issue of privacy infringement is also a negative effect of scientific technology. As smart devices become more popular and cameras such as CCTV and drive recorders are increasing, privacy areas are being violated to the extent. The movie "Truman Show" is a process in which Truman realizes that all the lives of the protagonist that are shown as a TV show. In "Truman Show," all Truman's life is broadcasted through cameras installed here and there, and his private life is invaded without even knowing it. I don't think there will be much difference compared to our lives today. Many cameras, including cctv and drive recorders, are monitoring us. Of course, it's not like a movie, but if anyone wants to, they can make others one of the main characters of the Truman Show.

   The development of science and technology has many dangerous and negative effects on our lives. Along with ethical issues that harm the dignity of life, there will be more problems besides environmental issues and privacy violations. Of course, the story of the movie is exaggerated, and it seems imaginative. However, it doesn't mean that it will not become like a movie in the future. Despite such problems, however, the development of science and technology is inevitable and essential. Therefore, we must always think about the adverse effects of science and technology on us and develop it carefully.
